Welcome back! When it
comes to security,
there is so much
to learn, and I'm
thrilled to be part of
your career journey.
This is such an exciting time
to be learning about security!
When I learned about
international hacks that
impacted both private companies
and government organizations,
I was inspired to want to
work in security because I
realized how dynamic and
important this field is.
One reason there are
so many jobs in the
security field today,
is because of attacks
that happened in
the 1980s and 1990s.
Decades later,
security professionals
are still actively working to
protect organizations and people
from variations of these
early computer attacks.
In this section of the course,
we'll discuss viruses and
malware, and introduce the
concept of social engineering.
Then, we'll discuss how
the digital age ushered in
a new era of threat actors.
Knowing the evolution
of each attack is
key to protecting
against future attacks.
Lastly, we'll provide
an overview of eight
security domains.
Next up, we'll
travel back in time,
to explore some of the viruses,
data breaches, and
malware attacks
that have helped shape the
industry as we know it today.